[localization] Add currency, separators, isMetric and update region (#11663)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/localization.md

// When a value is missing from a language it'll fallback to another language with the key present.
i18n.fallbacks = true;

export default App => {
  return (
    <View style={styles.container}>
      <Text style={styles.text}>
        {i18n.t('welcome')} {i18n.t('name')}
      </Text>
    </View>
  );
};

/* @hide const styles = StyleSheet.create({ ... }); */
const styles = StyleSheet.create({
  container: {
    backgroundColor: '#fff',
    alignItems: 'center',
    justifyContent: 'center',
    flex: 1,
  },
  text: {
    fontSize: 20,
  },
});
/* @end */
```

</SnackInline>

## API

```ts
import * as Localization from 'expo-localization';
```

### Behavior

This API is mostly synchronous and driven by constants. On iOS the constants will always be correct, on Android you should check if the locale has updated using `AppState` and `Localization.getLocalizationAsync()`. Initially the constants will be correct on both platforms, but on Android a user can change the language and return, more on this later.

## Constants

### `Localization.locale`

> An [IETF BCP 47 language tag](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IETF_language_tag), consisting of a 2 character language-code and optional script, region and variant codes. Ex: `en`, `en-US`, `zh-Hans`, `zh-Hans-CN`, `en-emodeng`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An [IETF BCP 47 language tag](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IETF_language_tag), consisting of a two-character language code and optional script, region and variant codes. Ex: `en`, `en-US`, `zh-Hans`, `zh-Hans-CN`, `en-emodeng`.
```

Also, I commented on this later but languages and locales are different and the ISO formats for them are subtly different as well on iOS. We need to be really careful and intentional about designing a universal API that makes sense across all platforms and ideally follows established ISO/IETF/etc... standards.

Reviewer: It looks like W3C and other standards tend to use hyphens. The W3C unicode locale draft says all locale identifies are valid language tags, even. So I think what you have in this PR (namely, using BCP 47) is correct.

> Unicode Locale Identifier or Unicode Locale. A language tag that follows the additional rules and restrictions on subtag choice defined in UTR#35 [LDML]. Any valid Unicode locale identifier is also a valid [BCP47] language tag, but a few valid language tags are not also valid Unicode locale identifiers.

### `Localization.locales`

List of all the native languages provided by the user settings. These are returned in the order the user defines in their native settings.

### `Localization.region`

> Region code for your device which came from Region setting in Language & Region. This value is always available on iOS, but might return `null` on Android or web. Ex: `US`, `NZ`, `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The region code for your device that comes from the Region setting under Language & Region on iOS. This value is always available on iOS, but might return `null` on Android or web. Ex: `US`, `NZ`, `null`.
```

(Where does this code come from on Android and web?)

Author: These are obtained from the country/region code in the locale eg. `xx_GB`. And when possible on Android  it is read from the `region` system property, which is available on certain Android devices and was borrowed from react-native-localize.

### `Localization.isoCurrencyCodes`

A list of all the supported language ISO codes.

### `Localization.timezone`

The current timezone in display format. Ex: `America/Los_Angeles`.

On Web `timezone` is calculated with `Intl.DateTimeFormat().resolvedOptions().timeZone`. For a better estimation you could use the `moment-timezone` package but it will add significant bloat to your website's bundle size.

### `Localization.isRTL`

Returns if the system's language is written from Right-to-Left. This can be used to build features like [bidirectional icons](https://material.io/design/usability/bidirectionality.html).

### `Localization.isMetric`

> Boolean value that indicates whether the system uses the metric system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Boolean value that indicates whether the system uses the metric system. On Android and web, this is inferred from the current region.
```

### `Localization.currency`

> Three character ISO 4217 currency code. Not available on web. Ex: `USD`, `EUR`, `CNY`, `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Three-character ISO 4217 currency code. Not available on web. Ex: `USD`, `EUR`, `CNY`, `null`.
```

### `Localization.decimalSeparator`

Decimal separator used for formatting numbers. Ex: `,`, `.`.

> ### `Localization.groupingSeparator`

Reviewer: Make the name less ambiguous:

```suggestion
### `Localization.digitGroupingSeparator`
```

Author: Are you sure about this? Both iOS and Android use exactly this name, `groupingSeparator`, albeit within a subcontext of the localization thing. For instance, [react-native-localize](https://github.com/zoontek/react-native-localize) also uses the term `groupingSeparator`. Using `digitGroupingSeparator` would introduce a new term and `groupingSeparator` is quite often used within the localisation context in my experience.

Author: An alternative could be to put this in a sub-context like "numberFormat"

Reviewer: The issue is that it is unclear what's being grouped. On iOS, groupingSeparator is a property of NumberFormatter. With Java, it's a property of DecimalFormatSymbols. "Thousands separator" would be clearer, too, although some locales do not group by thousands consistently - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indian_numbering_system.

Author: Not entirely, `groupingSeparator` is also a property of NSLocale on iOS.

This might be a matter of taste as well. I'd be good using `digitGroupingSeparator`, but we're introducing a new term. The term `groupingSeparator` is used universally and any searches within the iOS and Java docs will yield appropriate results.

Reviewer: The main issue is that "grouping separator" in the context of localization alone isn't very precise. Is it used to group words or parts of a timestamp? If you search our docs for just "grouping separator" you'll still find `digitGroupingSeparator` or `numberGroupingSeparator` in the search results.

In short -- most APIs seem to include something about numbers in the name. Java uses `DecimalFormatSymbols.getGroupingSeparator()`, JS Intl uses the `Intl.NumberFormat` namespace, iOS has `NumberFormatter` and `NSLocale.groupingSeparator` as an exception, Microsoft calls this "digit grouping" and uses `NumberFormatInfo.NumberGroupSeparator` in .NET. Wikipedia also calls this "digit grouping".

Both `Localization.digitGroupingSeparator` and `Localization.Numbers.groupingSeparator` solve the issue. I don't think we are really introducing a new term since "digit grouping" and "number grouping" are used in established places, and if you are already thinking that "grouping separator" refers to numbers, "number/digit grouping separator" just reaffirms your thinking.

Author: Alright sounds good. I've updated it to `digitGroupingSeparator` 👍
